Add info about tmp on sofia login nodes (#610)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/brussel/tier1_sofia.rst

the pilot phase concludes. We highly recommend using :ref:`Globus <sofia_scratch_globus>`
for file transfer between **sofia** and Tier-2 storage.

> Each node also provides local storage at ``/tmp``, ``/var/tmp`` or ``/dev/shm``.

Reviewer: maybe add that on worker nodes, this storage is per job?

Author: Added sentence about worker nodes.

Author: Rewritten according to Alex's suggestions

> Each node also provides local storage at ``/tmp``, ``/var/tmp`` or ``/dev/shm``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each node in the cluster, including the login nodes, provides local non-shared storage for temporary data:

 *  Temporary storage on local node hard drive: ``$VSC_SCRATCH_NODE``, ``$TMPDIR``, ``/tmp`` and ``/var/tmp``
 * Temporary storage on local node memory (RAM): ``/dev/shm``
```

.. note::

   Local storage is temporary. While the login nodes also provide local storage, any data

>    stored there gets permanently destroyed when logging out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Data placed in any of these temporary storage locations will be **deleted
   at the end of the active session**. For compute nodes this is at the end
   of your job and for login nodes whenever you logout of the cluster. 
```
